Use a weather website Python API to collect data about weather in specific city. It shall retrieve the following data: temperature, humidity, wind, location, timestamp.
Data scraped as JSON and visualized plain and simple, not a fancy UI.

List of components:
1) Azure App Service --> where the application lives. This is where the simple application is deployed.
2) Weather Database --> data entires at specific timestamps stored as blobs in Azure storage (free tier). 
At the end of each day maybe, a GHA automation is triggered, it gets current weather data and stores it in a json file inside Azure blob storage. 
Decide which tear to use based on the project needs. (hot, cold, archive) - may also change based on different enironments (prod/dev)
3) Azure Entra ID --> secure app service authenthication via MS Entra ID. Viewer can view weather, WeatherAdmin can trigger collector and manage settings. 2 different roles emerge here (viewer, collector)
4) Key Vault --> the collector is github actions, and it uses API Key and Manage Identity service to be authenthicated in front of the application. The API Key is stored here, inside the KeyVault.
5) GHA --> automates the collection of information, self-hosted runner on my PC (hybrid cloud kinda? does this make sense?). If not, just a runner hosted on public Github infra (scheduled cron job).
6) VNET --> 10.10.1.0/24
    Application Gateway

10.10.2.0/24
    App Service VNet Integration

10.10.3.0/24
    Private Endpoints

10.10.4.0/24
    Azure VM

* Explain why such decisions are made, especially for hte netwokring part

7) RBAC --> use managed identity to be authenticated in front of the application. 2 different user roles (viewer, collector)



Steps to achieve project:
1. Create the Python script that retrieves weather data using the chosen website's API. Design a simple UI. Test locally.
2. Create the VNET Infrastructure listed above (clarify if it is even relevant at first)
3. Deploy the App in Azure App Service. There shall be 2 Azure App slots. One for dev (the one we are doing right now) and one for demo/prod, which can be switched easily for production demonstration purposes.
Second one will be done later to reduce costs as of right now.
4. Create an Azure Storage account, an API Key for the vault and for the Upload button. (the second key will be removed after testing, maybe lower retention policy?)
5. Create an upload button (for now) which triggers an upload to the Weather Database of the JSON File containing the weather data, using the API Key of the upload button.  
6. Create a Key Vault, add an entry for the API Key for the Upload button and another for the GithubActions automation trigger
7. Run a scheduled cron job on GHA Runner that runs the python script.
The pipeline has a secret inserted which allows the automation pipeline after running the script to upload the generated json file to the blob storage 
